Changed example to restrict only resizing images from origin or host (#1914)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: products/images/src/content/resizing-with-workers.md

### An example worker

> Assuming you [set up a worker](https://developers.cloudflare.com/workers/learning/getting-started) on `https://example.com/image-resizing` to handle URLs like this: `https://example.com/image-resizing?width=80&image=/uploads/avatar1.jpg`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Assuming you [set up a Worker](https://developers.cloudflare.com/workers/get-started/guide) on `https://example.com/image-resizing` to handle URLs like this: `https://example.com/image-resizing?width=80&image=/uploads/avatar1.jpg`
```
